Srikar is an alumni of our college, passed out in 2012 from IT department. He is working as Project Engineer in Wipro Technologies, Hyderabad and most of his time goes in participating competitions, volunteering and contributing to Mozilla. He started volunteering and contributing to Mozilla from his final year B.Tech. He started Mozilla Club Hyderabad in order to get likeminded people mingled under single roof and start contributing to open source projects. For his efforts he was selected as Mozilla Representative.
He served as Microsoft Student Partner (MSP) in B.Tech 2nd year during which he evangelized Microsoft Products in campuses
His certifications includes
1.Microsoft Certified Professional(MCP)
2.Microsoft Specialist (MS)
3.Microsoft Certified Solution Developer (MSCD)
4.Microsoft Certified Trainer(MCT), IBM DB2 Database Certified.
He delivered talks about Mozilla in Bhoj Reddy, Gokaraju Ranga Raju,Aurora and a few other colleges. He was invited to attend Mozilla Summit 2013 in Santa Clara, United States of America (USA). His name was inscribed on Mozilla’s monument in San Francisco. His name was added in mozilla.org/credits.He is travelling to Brussels,Capital of Belgium in next week to deliver talk at Free and Open source Software Developers' European Meeting (FOSDEM 2014).

From <https://mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?shva=1#inbox/1439fc689ba34ab5> 


Srikar is a techie, blogger, dreamer, gadgets freak, loved to be part of technical communities.
He attended more than 100+ events, delivered talks in more than 25 colleges.

He has 2+ years of experience as Project Engineer at Wipro Technologies where he works on Linux Administration which includes scripting, FlexNet based licensing servers, building tools, Installing ,Upgrading, Configuring tools of EDA (Electronic Design Automation) from different vendors. He also works on VMware Tools, Virtual Box.

For his excellent abilities and ambition to learn about project he was awarded with "High Flyer Award" for "Making a Difference" in the "Nokia Siemens Networks" Account as a part of Excellence Awards in Global Media & Telecom Q3 2013-14.

He also worked on Windows Azure, SQL Azure, SharePoint Administration, Virtualization.
He is MCP, MS, MSCD, MCT, MS, IBM DB2 Certified.

He started/founded Mozilla Club Hyderabad to form vibrant community of Mozilla Contributors in Hyderabad region.
He was invited to attend Mozilla Summit 2013 in Santa Clara, United States of America (USA). 
His name was inscribed on Mozilla’s monument in San Francisco.
His name was added in mozilla.org/credits for his contributions to mozilla.
He delivered talk at deliver talk at Free and Open source Software Developers' European Meeting (FOSDEM 2014)

Outside his professional work, Srikar is passionate about mentoring and motivating students to adapt latest technologies, He volunteers and contribute to Mozilla as Mozilla Rep. His free time goes in participating in competitions, and won 5 windows phones & 1 Lakh worth cash prizes in various competitions by Microsoft.


